next week we'll tell you the story of
the horse of the West rugged intelligent
and highly trained a hard-working
quarter horse has been and still is a
prime factor in the growth of our Great
Western cattle Empire and his bloodlines
are guarded as carefully as those of the
most prized thoroughbred our program
next week tells you this exciting story
next week from Frontierland Walt Disney
brings you a stirring saga the horse of
the West with Rex Allen as your
storyteller revealing for the first time
the dramatic authentic story of the most
famous cattle empires of the west of
California Arizona Texas for the first
time you'll visit the renowned whitener
remuda and the fabulous King Ranch for
the first time you'll actually see what
the cowboy and his horse are like as you
live their real-life adventures on the
open range you'll meet the lovely
versatile talented Elena Vasquez a name
that is legend in California ranching
history here in this robust land
throughout the years men have dedicated
themselves to the breeding of greatness
in horse their endless studies their
care and affection have developed a
regal bloodlines of the quarter horse
the aristocrat of the cattle country
sturdy of muscle incredible stamina
speed of the wind magnificent of heart
and spirit and gifted with just plain
cow sets against this sweeping panorama
of romance and adventure of horses and
men moves the poignant and dramatic
story of the little fillet bay lady last
of our bloodline of famed quarter horses
miss Vasquez I guess you hit a soft spot
in me but I'm gonna let you have it
filly you mean it will winner in about
six months and I'll ship her out to you
you'll never regret your emotions will
be stirred by the tragedy that comes to
the little filly when her life has just
begun you'll surrender your heart to the
lame white work mare who gave her foster
mother hood you'll respond to the Swift
moving drama when the Caprice of fate
passes bail ad from one to another
yet never losing her proud heritage yes
Fae lady was truly a child of chance
no one can remain untouched by the
suspense filled moments when Bay lady
and her firstborn are trapped in the
mountain fastness alone helpless with
danger closing in be with us next week
in Frontierland to experience one of
Disneyland's great thrills and adventure
in Walt Disney's the Horse of the West
coming - motion picture theaters soon
old yeller a rare entertainment
experience